Update azure-vpn-client-optional-configurations.md (#102501)
Azure/azure-content: articles/vpn-gateway/azure-vpn-client-optional-configurations.md

  </clientconfig>
  </azvpnprofile>
  ```
  
> [!NOTE]

> > - The default status for clientconfig tag is <clientconfig i:nil="true" />, which can be modified based on the requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The default status for the clientconfig tag is `<clientconfig i:nil="true" />`, which can be modified based on the requirement.
```
Adding backticks

> > - Duplicate clientconfig tag is not supported on macOS, so make sure the clientconfig tag is not duplicated in the XML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - A duplicate clientconfig tag is not supported on macOS, so make sure the clientconfig tag is not duplicated in the XML file.
```

		<route>
			<destination>x.x.x.x</destination><mask>24</mask>
		</route>
		<route>
    			<destination>y.y.y.y</destination><mask>24</mask>
    		</route>
	</excluderoutes>
    
</clientconfig>
</azvpnprofile>
```

> [!NOTE]

> > - To include/exclude multiple destination routes, put each destination address under a separate route tag _(as shown in the above exmaples)_, as multiple destination address in single route tag will not work.
> > - In case you encounter the error "_**Destination cannot be empty or have more than one entry inside route tag**_", check the profile xml file and ensure that includeroutes/excluderoutes section has only one destination address inside a route tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To include/exclude multiple destination routes, put each destination address under a separate route tag _(as shown in the above examples)_, because multiple destination addresses in a single route tag won't work.
> - If you encounter the error "_Destination cannot be empty or have more than one entry inside route tag_", check the profile XML file and ensure that the includeroutes/excluderoutes section has only one destination address inside a route tag.
```
Edits for Microsoft style
